Anybody who knows
my partner Kyle
knows that he was on a soap
opera for like three years.
As it turns out, Kyle
was dead for three years,
but came back to life.
It’s actually something
that also happens
on this competition.
You have three lives,
but only one matters.
The one that takes you
across the finish line.
Mm-hmm.
Tonight on "Frogger"...
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
With three life-threatening
levels to conquer...
Oh!
- Who will jump...
- Oh my gosh.
He’s superman!
- Punch...
- Ah!
Or even lunch their way
to Frogger glory?
[laughing]
For the victors,
Boss Toad’s Bonus Round beckons.
Up for grabs, the $10,000
Golden Fanny Pack.
Woo!
- Hold on tight...
- No!
I just felt my
butt cheeks clench.
It’s going to be
a Froggin’ wild ride.
This is it, this is it,
this is it, this is it.
- Yeah!
- Woo-hoo-hoo
We got it, we got it.
Yeah, baby.
- I’m Damon Wayans Jr.
- I’m Kyle Brandt.
And this is "Frogger."
Join us inside the world’s
biggest arcade machine
as another six mighty Froggers
put everything on the line.
It’s a real-life
video game,
and there’s real money
at stake with
tonight’s top frog
taking home
the $10,000 Golden Fanny Pack.
Who wants to get the popcorn?
I love me some popcorn.
You’re one of those fiends
at the movie theater
who puts like the crazy
seasoning on the popcorn.
I bring my own seasoning
from home.
You mean you smuggle
your own seasoning?
- Yes.
- You do?
I put it in my purse.
Everybody start
the countdown
because it’s time for
Frogs in Space.
Bouncing to the craters,
Froggers will climb
the satellite to
start the launch sequence.
They’ll have to leap from
the second satellite
to the spinning space amphibian
dodge the space jets and inch
around the galaxy hopper
before facing the space worms
on their way to the landing pad.
Ah!
- Here we go.
- Woo!
Look at the size of that man.
An absolute unit.
- I take the steps.
- Come on, princess.
At my age, you got
to take the steps.
This guy’s doomed.
Woo-hoo.
It’s Rock Dad Joe
versus Biologist James.
My name is Joe Castagna.
I’m 40 years old, I’m a dad
and I’m a high school
English teacher.
The ’80s wouldn’t
let go of me.
I incorporate Bruce Springsteen
into every poetry unit I teach.
I’m keeping Dad Rock alive.
one Springsteen song
at a time.
Dad Rock, everybody!
I’m James Leon, I’m 22 years old
and I’m a biology major,
and I have won not one, but
two bodybuilding competitions.
I do have the muscle,
but these biceps
aren’t my biggest muscle.
It’s actually my brain.
Very smart.
Come on, Joe, easy money.
Ready, Frogger 1?
Here we go!
All right, 40 year old
Joe Castagna
from Nazareth, Pennsylvania.
He is all dad.
Woo, and he is off.
That was impressive.
- Great job.
- Woo!
Best we’ve ever seen.
Right across the
crustacean craters.
And he is already on to
the second space rocket booster.
Wayans, this dad came to play.
This guy’s not stopping.
Get up there, boy!
Joe is fast, aggressive.
Those orange wristbands,
they look kinda cool.
Launch sequence activated.
Hey!
We love these guys because
they’re classically
trained in Frogger.
He’s 40, he actually
grew up in arcades.
T-minus five.
He’s going fast, but he’s
also really calculated.
I agree, this is not
a reckless speed right here.
- No.
- Doing 90 in the left lane
in his minivan, on to
the F7 Satellite O.
The cannon take it, though,
and he’s off.
- A little slip!
- Wow!
- Oh, Joe!
- Woo!
Unbelievable.
Crack a cold one and start
the barbecue for the dad
- from Pennsylvania.
- Wow.
Now going to try to
make that jump
to the spinning space amphibian
and here come the cannons.
Don’t get nervous now.
You better do it.
A quick jump onto
the spinning space amphibian
- Oh!
- Is he down?
- He’s done!
Is he out?
And he’s alive!
- Wait!
- He’s still holding on.
But he’s alive, he held on
with that dad strength.
I cannot believe that.
What a save.
- This is amazing.
- Oh!
He fell, I thought he
was done right there.
Nope, not on my watch.
Unbelievable.
T-minus four.
Space station now activated.
All right, that’s Croaknik
with the giant golden doors.
I’m getting excited.
- Woo!
- Nice.
All right, Joe one of the
only Froggers
who was around when
the Doors were still a band.
He’s got three more
to get past
and then yet another
space amphibian.
And he is now passing
through them.
Break on through, Joe.
This is awesome.
The final space amphibian,
and then we get into
the space worms.
He’s got to time it
They go at two seconds per bow.
It kills the concentration,
the balance.
Oh boy.
Gosh, he is tough.
Now four jumps remaining.
These are five feet,
and then a full eight foot
to the red button.
We have seen it drop
many Froggers
to the bottom
of the pool.
Ah!
T-minus three.
This is a David and
Goliath on paper.
He is way older than James.
He is much smaller.
He is a school teacher
against a body builder.
Joe is an absolute maniac
her, Wayans.
T-minus two.
I thought this
40-year-old dad
was the underdog
in this race.
This is madness.
There it is, Joe.
Two more jumps for
the big Springsteen fan.
Can he finish this thing?
Boom!
T-minus one.
Last jump remaining, it is
an eight foot gargantuan leap.
That red button is
all that is left
and Joe...
- Across!
- Yeah!
Launch the rocket.
Hey, Joe, I can hear you baby!
That’s what I’m talking about.
Frogger! One life, baby!
One run, one life.
One win.
How do you do that?
How do you beat that?
Unbelievable.
Look at this jump.
Stick the booty up.
- Mm-hmm.
- That’s what I like.
You gotta stick up the hump
to get over the hump.
Mmm.
Mm-hmm.
Bottom line.
That was one of the fastest
runs we have ever seen
on this crossing.
My turn, baby,
let’s go!
We have the perfect
physical specimen here.
This guy is a marble statue.
a Greek god,
and he might get
knocked out
by the guy with
the orange wristbands.
[Damon chuckles]
Ready, Frogger 2?
I’m ready.
Here we go.
Yeah, James!
22 year old James Leon,
the perfect specimen,
is already off
to a running start,
and he needs to have
the perfect run.
One mistake,
he goes home.
Nice little climb here, James.
Nice little climb.
The most important muscle
right now
what do we say, is the brain?
Which is technically
not a muscle.
That’s okay, don’t get
caught up in semantics.
This is a thinking man.
Launch sequence activated.
The thing is people who
look like they should
be really good at this?
- Aren’t really good at this.
- Yeah.
The jacked guy jinx.
It’s almost like
if you could bench 250,
you’re not good at Frogger.
Yep.
He’s going to try to
break that, though.
T-minus five.
Look at the tricep.
My goodness.
I’m sorry, what?
- Sorry.
- Kyle, you’re drooling.
I’m a big fan of
James Leon.
Look at him,
just so focused.
You got this, James.
You got this, man.
You got it.
If James gets eliminated
at home, they’ll go,
"who’d you lost to?"
Oh, this Springsteen fan
who teaches English and is 40.
- What? What?
- Who’s Springsteen?
Yeah, it’s this old
guy from New Jersey. Love him.
One false step
and this is over.
- Yeah, James!
- Oh my gosh.
- We’re on to satellite O.
- He got shot right in the face.
You got it, you got it,
you got it.
It ain’t over, Wayans.
Great job, great job.
Far from over.
He’s a beautiful kid, come on.
[laughing]
He’s been in that squat
position a million times.
Can he get it up?
- And all right.
- Yes! Yes!
- Shades of like an Aquaman.
- Oh, yeah.
Standing on cliffs
flexing the deltoids.
Looking beautiful.
T-minus four.
Space station now activated.
All right, now that is
countdown platform four.
He’s got to climb up on top
of Croaknik now.
Remember, he needs
to complete this crossing
just to make it a tie.
This guy seems like
he’s in complete control.
And I have a feeling we’re
going to a tie-breaker.
Never underestimate
the golden doors.
- Oh, no!
- Is he down?
- He’s done!
Oh!
Wayans, it’s over.
Oh shock and awe on
Frogs in Space.
- James Leon is done.
- Wow.
I honestly didn’t
see that coming.
- No.
- Woo!
Congratulations to Joe
who just finished
the best run we have ever seen
on Frogs in Space,
and knocks out James
to become tonight’s
first Frogger into
the Boss Toad Bonus Round.
That one was tough.
James is a true onesie
but somebody had to go.
Congrats, bro.
So who’ll be joining Joe
to battle it out for
the $10,000 Golden Fanny Pack?
We’re about to find out and
good luck to whoever that is.
[phone rings]
[feminine voice]
Hello?
Yes.
That’s my Meryl Streep.
Oh, no kidding.
- [phone rings]
- Try it again.
[feminine voice]
Hello?
Yes, I’ll make your pizza.
Can’t she work at
Pizza Rana?
We need new help.
The chef we have
is terrible.
Welcome my friends
to Frog City,
where the goal is to
get from uptown to downtown
via Mud town.
Drink in Frog City for
a minute, Wayans.
- It’s sort of an almost...
- It’s a mess.
Gotham-like, dark, dreary,
foreboding urban center.
I like it.
You like that kind of place?
Yeah, I feel at home.
You know what I mean?
After crossing
Hopper’s Highway,
and engaging the
crosswalk signal,
Froggers must leap to
to the Croaklyn Bridge,
and pass the Thunder Truck
to order a pizza.
Running a gauntlet
of drifting cars,
and ramming vans
to collect their pizza,
it’s a final taxi hop
to the landing pad.
Yes, it’s Frog City,
a crossing with plenty
of speed bumps.
The Croaklyn Bridge,
a 12-foot see saw with no grip
and plenty of slip.
Froggers must time
their jump
or slide right off.
And the Jean Claude Ram Vans.
Each four-foot wide van
packs
200 pounds of pushing power.
And now, a rivalry
as old as time,
the battle of the brothers,
Derrick versus Durrel.
I’m Derrick, 37 years old.
and I’m a bartender.
I’m Durrell, I’m 27 years old,
and I’m a professional
basketball player.
Most of my family
know me as Tater.
I used to have a head
shaped like a potato.
My whole life,
I’ve been called Nugget.
My dad said that my head look
like a chicken nugget.
And ever since then,
I’ve just been called Nugget.
Hey, little bro,
what’s going on, bud?
Yeah.
Move, this is my interview!
This is our interview.
- No, this is my interview.
- This is our interview.
No, this is my interview.
I’ve been playing Frogger
my whole life.
I’m the second oldest
in my family.
We’re all competitive.
Like we used to
compete every day.
Not only am I the youngest,
but I’m better at basketball.
You’re better at basketball?
I taught you how to play.
Don’t believe that.
Don’t believe none of that!
That’s where you learned....
you learned everything from me.
That’s a lie!
Clearly, you haven’t
learned yet.
Yeah, all right.
- Little bro.
- I hate you.
Cane and Abel,
Thor and Loki,
Mufasa and Scar.
Good luck.
Nugget versus Tater.
I mean, not too much
good luck.
Let’s see what they got.
Are you two ballers looking
forward to settling
your sibling rivalry
once and for all?
I am, yeah.
Ready, Frogger 1?
I’m ready, Damon.
Here we go.
Here comes Derrick, AKA Tater.
- Oh!
- Uh-oh!
Slippity slipping.
Michael Pippen.
Yo!
- Brother’s laughing at him.
- Of course he is.
- I’m good though.
- Yeah, you’re good?
- I’m good.
- Hey, yo.
He’s going to have to
get to that crosswalk button
and then we’ve got business
to attend to
and already the chatter
is starting
between the brothers.
There you go, playa pimping.
You know anything
about brothers?
No.
Would you ever do this?
Against my family? I would smoke
anybody in my family.
Call somebody out right now,
they’re watching.
- Who would you smoke?
- Craig!
He’s probably like
my biggest competition.
- Craig Wayans?
- Craig Wayans. Yeah.
Now if he can get across
again, seven feet,
he can go on to
the Croaklyn Bridge.
And we are home.
Look at Thunder Truck!
Thunder Truck wants
to pick
one of these brother
out of its teeth.
He’s got the lights flashing
and it’s ready.
You gotta make sure you
don’t slip on this part.
Lily pad, no... Oh!
Look at the splash.
You saw Tater take a dive.
Boom!
He fell in that water
like a concrete fish.
Here comes Nugget.
Ready, Frogger 2?
Here we go!
This is basketball
on the driveway.
This is video games
in the basement.
The little brother trying
to finally beat
the big brother.
Yeah, you good.
Jumping is not an
issue with Durrell.
- No.
- That’s the easy part.
- Right, right.
- You made it to the easy part.
- Right.
These siblings have got
something to prove, man.
The crosswalk button.
Got it.
Green man, go ahead. Whoa!
Than ankle almost turned.
Watch the cop car.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
[grunts]
All right, Wayans.
Durell’s coming up to
the spot
where his brother fell.
Can little bro do
any better?
You have to be nimble enough...
Oh, no!
Oh!
Like brother, like brother.
I told you that first jump
was the craziest part.
No one knows this
better than you, Damon.
Sometimes you just do what
your older brother does
because it’s cool.
I know. I’m the older
brother, too, so...
He’s got the big brother
complex.
I want to go in the water
too and lose a life.
Okay, so big brother Derrick,
back on the bridge
for his second life.
And there we go.
- Smart man.
- Smartly stepped.
And welcome to Thunder Truck.
You’ve got about
a two second gap
to get past it.
Chop chop, let’s go.
This is a big man.
We may see a collision here,
I’m a little bit nervous.
- Oh, wow!
- Derrick is past it!
Oh, that’s crazy.
He’s moving on.
Now, we’re at the planter,
which of course those
are your sunflowers.
On your hands and knees,
planting them.
Yes, they are.
Don’t disrespect them.
A miniscule little ledge
for his giant feet
and his toes and he’s across
the planter, Wayans,
and he’s a hungry man.
Here we go.
[phone rings]
Good evening, Pizza Rana.
Green and gooey is
our specialty.
What’s the order?
Could I please order for
a large pepperoni?
Do you want flies with that?
Yes, please.
Mm-kay.
I love you.
Love you, too.
[laughing]
Okay, here we go.
He’s about to fall in.
This is your moment, Derrick.
Show little bro
how you got to go.
- That rhymed.
- That rhymed, not bad.
I like that, man.
Good job, Damon.
Every once in a while you’ve got
to just bite the bottom lip
and say go. Now, go!
Go!
Well done, Derrick McDonald.
And welcome to
Jean Claude Ram Vans.
These things are brutal.
Now, you see the pizza
on top of the middle van.
We sent it from Pizza Rana here.
He’s going to have
to grab that
and clear the vans.
What do you think, Wayans?
Zero chance.
Let’s go, bro.
Don’t second guess it.
- Ah!
- He’s going to-- oh!
- That’s not what--
- Cannonball!
He did a cannonball.
Unprecedented.
Yes, sir!
He said if I’m going down,
I’m going down my way.
He gets clipped
by the blue van.
Beautiful, freeze it.
- I love it.
- It is a gorgeous double tuck.
Air-tight cannonball.
It is out of the textbook.
Look at the splash!
Oh my goodness.
That’s top 10.
The pressure is on
Durrell’s second life
to catch up to
his big brother.
Some ground
to make up here,
don’t let the big brother
get the big lead here.
Easy, easy.
He’s like lightning
across the Thunder Truck.
You got it, you got it.
I just want a pepperoni
pizza, is that cool?
After ordering a pizza
on the phone,
he stays in top gear through
the Fast and the Froggiest.
One more jump and we have
a brotherly tie.
Grab it and go.
- Oh, no.
- Here he goes...
Oh!
Just like his brother.
And the nugget
has been dipped.
Ah!
His brother’s so happy.
Let’s see those two
cannonballs side by side.
You see, Derrick,
he tucks. I like it.
I give Derrick’s entry
a 9.5.
Little bro Durrell gets a 7.
Man, this battle between
Nugget and Tater is on fire.
Big time. Who you got?
- Nugget.
- You’re team Nugget?
- I’m Team Nugget.
- I’m Team Tater.
Those are French fries.
We’ll be right back.
Okay, it comes down to this.
Both brothers have
one life left.
Derrick McDonald,
the older brother,
is now stuck in
the exact same spot
from the Jean Claude Ram Vans,
as his younger brother Durrell.
So whoever can advance
the furthest
with this final life
is going through
to the Boss Toad Bonus Round.
Oh, here we go.
He’s not wasting no time either,
I see you!
Go ahead, playa!
Sometimes you get that
fresh pizza in your hand,
There’s no patience at all.
You just want it.
You want it in your mouth.
Burn the seven layers of skin
off the top of your mouth.
[gasping]
There is so much
as stake, here.
Derrick’s studying the vans.
Not going to take
any chances.
Do a flip!
- [gasps]
- Whoa!
- Okay!
- He finally did it.
Okay, great job.
Now the taxi cabs.
These are wobbly, so you’ve
got to be really careful.
Look at him go!
Whoa.
He can finish right now.
Come on.
- Derrick McDonald.
- Come on.
- With a pizza.
- Look at him go!
[cheering, shouting]
- Woo!
- I like it.
Hey, yo!
Okay.
That’s the big brother
fatigue right there.
Big bro’s still got it.
My favorite pizza, too.
Shout out to all
the big brothers!
Absolutely!
[laughing]
That was our house first!
- Durrell, third life.
- Yes, sir.
It all comes down to this.
You’ve got to get
to the end. Here you go.
Mmm.
Don’t hesitate.
Whoa!
- Gah!
- Just grab the pizza, Durrell.
- Grab the damn pizza!
- Grab the pizza!
Grab the pizza.
Durrell McDonald, if he
can just cross this van, he...
No!
Oh!
It’s all over.
Down goes Nugget.
That’s what little brothers do.
They lose to
the big brothers.
27 years of arguments settled.
Right there.
- Feel like your big bro?
- Nah.
Oh, congratulations, Derrick.
How does it feel to
beat your little brother, man?
Feels natural.
Like, I’m not gonna lie.
It just feels natural.
Don’t get used to this!
Derrick, you are moving
on to the Boss Toad Bonus Round.
Great job!
[laughing]
Great job, Derrick.
Derrick, 10 years older, wins.
Yes.
And Wayans, the older brother,
is just celebrating.
[Damon chuckles]
Glorious.
With that score settled,
we’re headed to Candy Frog Land.
Starting on the
candy conveyor,
Froggers must remove
the gum balls
and take the jawbreakers
or the lilies
to the candy cane monkey bars.
Leaping between the chocolate
bars to the spinning S’mores,
they’ll jump to
the cupcake
before a licorice rope
walk home.
Candy Frog Land, a crossing
that cannot be conquered
welcome Ashley and Robert.
I’m Ashley, I’m 26 years old.
I’m from Los Angeles,
California,
Both of my parents were
from the military.
My brother was also in
the military as well.
I grew up with all brothers,
all guy cousins.
My brothers are great but
they can be pretty aggressive
so, so am I.
I want to show my brothers
and all my guy cousins
that I am number one,
not them.
I’m Robert, 45 years old.
From San Diego, California,
and I’m a former Marine.
What I’ve taken from my
four years of active duty,
those things I can apply
to my life today.
My wife sent me here
for a mission.
I’m here to win.
I’m here to play big
and win big.
’Cause I got everything I need
to take the money home.
Ashley and Robert.
Wayans, what do you think?
I think Robert is big,
but that doesn’t necessarily
translate to success here.
You’re alluding to what we’ve
been hearing in Frogger circles
- known as the jacked guy jinx.
- Yes.
I cannot wait to see
how they go.
Ready Frogger 1?
Sure thing.
Here we go.
Candy Frog Land, here we go.
Dinner is served.
Blue gumball, down.
Big athletic background,
Ashley has a lot going for her.
She has to keep up with
the brothers and cousins
and man has she set
the pace here.
Oh, man, you made that
look too easy.
Her jumps are effortless.
Here we go,
decision making time.
Do you want to go
the route of the jawbreaker,
or the slightly safer
lily pad?
Uh-oh, oh, she second thought it
for a second.
And did it hurt her? No!
What a jump!
It’s a Bo Derrick,
perfect 10 leap.
Up to the Candy
cane monkey bars.
Good lord, this is
a Jackie Joyner-Kersee
sonic boom through
Candy Frog Land.
Oh my gosh.
Drop on to this
red lily,
and you will set the
Krickit Crunches free.
The Krickit Crunches
go back and forth.
Underneath the licorice bridge.
It’s 14 feet long.
- It’s nine inches wide.
- Hello.
[chuckles]
No, I’m talking
about the bridge.
- Oh, all right. Okay.
- For Goodness sake.
- Has she done this before?
- Perfect.
Wow.
I see what you got.
I see what you got going on.
She’s smart, she’s composed.
She’s a triple threat, right?
Or is it a quadruple threat.
I lose track of the threat.
[Damon laughing]
Brains, beauty, a ferocity.
And this is usually right
when they fall,
when we’re hyping them.
- Oop!
- Oh, no!
Oh, splash!
Robert is so happy.
That was flawless up
until that point.
She got a little loose
on that licorice bridge.
Ashley Lissen just
really put the heat
on 44-year-old Robert Hill.
He now knows he’s
in a dog fight.
Good luck.
Ready, Frogger 2?
Ready Frogger 2.
Here we go.
Robert Hill complete jacked
out of his gourd.
What the heck?
He chucked that thing like
it was some sort of kettle bell.
Yeah!
Oh, yeah!
He’s like the hulk.
You wouldn’t like Robert Hill
when he’s angry.
Pray for that
gumball right now.
Ah!
Oh, okay.
Hulk smash! Wow!
Here we go, just don’t
rush it, Robert.
- He did... Oh!
- Oh ho ho ho ho.
44 year old Robert Hill.
44 where?
[chuckles]
Fun fact about Robert,
he’s been collecting toys
since the 70s.
No kidding?
That’s the same man who collects
Transformers and G.I. Joe guys?
Yeah.
Imagine opening one of his toys.
- Against his will?
- Yes.
You crack open that packaging
after 37 years
he’s been saving it?
Gonna crack you open.
[laughs]
Make a move!
I am, I’m just trying
not to make the move
you made all right?
Going over, going under?
Oh, no.
Oh my goodness.
Told you.
Not as easy.
Now I’m seeing the 44.
He just turned 64.
Oh my goodness.
Robert Hill rapidly aging.
Oh that was a mistake.
Oh!
[laughing]
He’s a 44 year old koala
holding on to the licorice.
And now he’s stuck!
Can he hold on?
Ah!
Robert Hill has
an uphill climb.
This is some kind
of world record.
It’s like he’s been hanging
on there forever!
Hold on, hold on.
Oh my goodness.
We can save this.
Saved himself.
Ah, ah!
Oh, no.
Oh my God!
No! No.
Oh, no, it’s not over.
No!
Ah!
He’s down.
Hulk splash.
[Kyle chuckles]
We say it all the time,
muscles are great.
- We love muscles.
- Great to look at.
- Great to touch
- Fun to squeeze.
Ain’t going to get you
through the course.
- I love this competition.
- I love it.
Here’s where we stand,
both Froggers down one life.
- Two lives remaining.
- Let’s do it. Let’s run it.
But a lot of action
with these two.
I’ve seen so many Froggers
go over the top
of the licorice bridge.
It’s so much easier to
just go under.
Talk to her and start saying,
so, Ashley,
you’re undera lot of
pressure right now.
[laughing]
Are you feeling
underthe weather?
Yeah.
Okay.
- Oh my...
- Right there, that was it!
This is impossible, you guys.
- Not impossible.
- Nothing’s impossible.
Mmm.
Don’t even think about it.
No, no, no.
- No, no, no.
- No!
Okay, go.
This is it, this is it.
this is it, this is it.
- Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
- We got it, we got it.
And she takes the lead.
Little jump over
to the lily pad.
Woo!
Now the oscillating s’mores.
It is a giant marshmallow
chocolate mount Everest here.
She finally conquered
the bridge,
can she conquer the S’more?
Yes!
[laughing]
Ooh, Robert’s on
the hot seat now.
At this point I feel she has
a 5000 mile lead on Robert.
I never liked marshmallows.
I hate marshmallows, actually.
- Huh?
- Really?
Here she goes.
And she is down!
Oh!
Never disrespect
a marshmallow.
Don’t you dare.
Can Robert Hill match that
performance?
It’s a lot to ask.
He is going under
the licorice bridge.
- By the grace of God.
- Come on, big boy.
And he’s crossed the bridge!
Oh my gosh, this is
great Frogger.
Unnecessary moves,
but I like them.
He likes candy bars a lot.
I love candy bars too, Robert,
but damn!
Now he’s got the confidence.
Get out of his way!
We’ve got a competition
here, man.
Oh yeah, here we go.
And he’s-- oh my gosh!
That was a great jump!
Now he has tied Ashley.
If he makes this jump,
he takes the lead.
Biggest jump of his life.
The United States Marine
controls his own destiny.
I am on the edge
of my seat.
It’s not comfortable.
Why don’t you slide
back a little bit?
- All right.
- Do yourself a favor.
That feels better.
Will he be on the edge
of the graham cracker?
And here he goes.
Oh my gosh, that was
a great jump.
- What a battle axe.
- Perfect jump.
Woo! There you go.
This military man
will not quit.
He needs to put that birthday
candle in the top of the cake
and then deal with
the licorice bridge.
Can this Frogger finish?
- Ah!
- Yes!
Woo-hoo!
Yeah, that hurt.
Do not forget to
light the birthday candle.
Now we have a 14 and a half foot
licorice bridge.
Less than a foot wide.
Wayans, read us a list again
of all those Froggers
who have conquered
Candy Frog Land.
- Uh, it says right here...
- Yeah.
One, two, three, four, five...
Zero.
Zero people.
Zero Froggers.
It’s never been done.
Look at this, look at
the focus in his face.
He thought he had settled the
score with this licorice bridge.
It is now back to haunt him.
[gasps]
And he’s made it!
[grunts]
Robert Hill becomes the
first Frogger in history
- to finish Candy Frog Land.
- Woo!
Good job.
Woo!
With Robert Hill completing,
we have a Frogger first.
Every Boss Toad Bonus Round
finalist is a conqueror
of their crossing.
This is shaping up to be
an absolute battle
of the titans.
How do you feel when
you stare upon
the Golden Fanny Pack, Wayans?
Like a winner seated in glory.
The Fanny Pack was discovered
in third century Mesopotamia.
The natives mistook it
for a god
and worshipped it for centuries
at the foot of the fanny.
And very soon, it shall belong
to one of our Froggers.
All right, Kyle,
think quick.
Frogs state capitals.
Three, two, one, go.
Swamp Lake City.
Springfield.
Toadpeka.
Croakahoma City.
BossToad, Massachusetts.
- Disallowed!
- Why?
What’s the matter? That’s
a pretty good run at Boston.
I just don’t like
being reminded of Boss Toad,
you know what I mean?
I already hate him.
Legend had it he’s older than
the game of "Frogger" itself.
He last bathed in 1984.
He is a collector
of clown costumes.
He is Boss Toad.
A toad whose capacity
for evil is only equaled
by his capacity
for stench.
Take a deep breath,
hold your nose, folks,
because here comes
that stanky man, Boss Toad.
[Boss Toad growls]
Boss Toad has
frognapped five froglets
and hidden then
across the most challenging
crossing of them all,
Boss Toad’s Temple.
Our Froggers each get
five minutes to rescue
those froglets, as many
as they can.
Froggers start in
the middle of the crossing,
and they can choose any route
they want to get the job done.
But they only have one life
so if they fall in,
Game over.
Taking on Boss Toad tonight,
Robert the candy
destroying marine.
Derrick the human cannonball
who blasted past his brother
but first, it’s Joe
who sped through space
faster than a speeding rocket.
Joe Castagna.
Get ready for a missile, Wayans.
This guy goes.
Oh, yes. I told you
Joe will go fast.
Speed is never going
to be a problem.
He is into the mouth
of the venus frog trap.
- Oh.
- Oh, be careful there!
Unconventional route here.
Bam.
All right, baby frog.
I’m sending you home.
Wait for me baby,
I’m coming.
Now, hold on,
is he going to finish this...
I think he’s leaving
that froglet
on Gillagreen’s island
for later.
Interesting, but
zero on the scoreboard.
It doesn’t count unless
you put it in the basinet.
You are not wrong
about that.
Let’s remember, he is giving
up six inches and 40 pounds
to his competition here
on the Boss Toad Temple.
Oh, what a jump!
Look at that.
Harriet!
He’s taking abuse over here.
Joe’s going to leave
flesh and bone
on the temple.
And here comes another one.
Joe!
Ah!
The 40 year old dad
who shocked us all
by smashing space.
Can he do the same here
and take home the
Golden Fanny Pack?
And he’s approaching
the two minute mark
still with a zero but
he could score very quickly.
Here we go, taking
you home to mama.
Here we go.
Hopper Chopper 1000.
Oh, yeah.
Yippie-kay-ay, motherfrogger.
- Oh, boy.
- All right.
Oh!
Right on the tailbone.
I felt that one
in the backseat.
All right, so remember,
he left one behind,
- and there it is.
- Two in the bank.
This is a really
Wile E. Coyote here.
If h can get to the third,
it’s a big leap.
Oh!
Wait to commit the body.
Somebody save Joe
from himself!
All right, back to Harriet.
- Yeah, baby!
Wayans, you know
what this means?
He’s going to go
to Toad Temple!
He, man, I respect it.
And one of the biggest jumps
in the whole course
comes right here.
Little less than
two minutes left.
Gotta stick it, Joe.
No problem.
All right.
Joe, well done.
Oh, he’s getting destroyed.
Well, he’s dealing
with those rec specs.
They’re askew!
Oh this could be an issue.
Hold on to that froglet,
this is a mess.
But we love it.
[Damon chuckling]
Joe.
And he’s made it.
- We’re alive and well!
- All right.
He’s got two froglets.
He’s got one minute left.
Ah!
Temple tumble!
Now, look out from
behind Joe.
Go, Joe, you’re going
to get wrecked!
Boom!
You gotta go, Joe.
Taking his time...
Joe!
Oh no, Joe dropped
both froglets,
can he collect them
and return them?
We got about 30 seconds, Wayans,
He might have to
abandon one.
Yeah.
Just go.
Oh, Joe doesn’t know
how much time left.
I don’t think if he knows
what planet he’s on.
But he decides to go
with one, smart.
If he can finish,
he can get three.
Wayans, take him home now.
10 seconds!
Nine, eight, seven
Another buzzer beater.
Six, five!
Joe Castagna!
Om my goodness.
All right, so three
froglets in the basinets.
One in the water, what a run.
A moment of silence for
that lost froglet at sea.
Daddy left me in the water.
Mmm.
With three froglets to beat,
it’s time for our next Frogger.
Derrick defeated his brother
in Frog City,
now he can take home
the Golden Fanny Pack
for the ultimate
family bragging rights.
Let’s go, Derrick.
Make your little
brother proud.
Got to get three
frogs at least
to stay alive in this thing.
I think he’s going
for the little gimme froglet
in that Venus frog trap,
but time always a factor in
Boss Toad temple, though.
Okay, so Joe tossed it
and left only to return
and it looks like Derrick
who’s now pivoted around
will be copying
that identically.
Smart man.
Derrick’s a big guy,
he’s over 200 pounds.
With so many different
challenges to this crossing,
we have seen it over and
over how big an asset
agility is in Frogger.
Way to hang on, bro.
Ride ’em cowboy.
Made that look easy.
I will say, his height
is an advantage.
All right, now, here’s where
the height comes in.
He can reach the helipad
without even leaving his feet.
It’s like when Sean Bradley used
to dunk without jumping.
All right, look at you.
You’re already there.
Let’s get it.
Let’s go for a ride.
Derrick McDonald!
Look at that beautiful shot
across Boss Toad Temple.
It’s all in
the landing, Wayans,
critique it for me.
Woo!
10/10.
- Wow!
- 10!
Move over, Kerri Strug.
Jeez Louise!
And we got two froglets,
one short of Joe,
but we are passing
the halfway mark
in our five minute allotment
on Boss Toad temple.
Where’s he going, Wayans?
Turtle or temple?
I think he’s going turtle.
And he is off.
This is the gauntlet,
the gator turtle corner.
I think he’s so tall,
he could’ve avoided the gator.
- Mm-mm.
- Just jump with to the turtle.
But can he get
to the turtle?
Oh, he’s got the froglet.
But get the knee up. Woo!
I wonder if he chucks it.
And he does, he releases it.
How about the landing?
- Oh!
- It’s out of bounds!
Oh, no, it is
clear off the course.
He cannot venture there, folks.
Which means that froglet
is now out of play.
Oh, no, this whole thing
is falling apart, Damon.
All right, now
it’s pressure time.
Big jump here, Wayans.
- Oh!
- Oh, no!
Oh, he’s in trouble.
- Oh, no.
- Come on, come on.
Derrick McDonald, holding on
for dear life here.
Come on, Derrick, tap into
that big brother strength.
He’s alive!
That was pretty, baby!
Pretty ugly!
Here’s the situation,
he has to get another froglet.
There’s only two left
and they’re both on top
of Toad Temple,
so time is a massive factor.
One minute left, he needs to
get on a motorcycle right now.
And he’s doing it!
All right!
- Okay!
- Way to commit, baby.
Oh, that’s pretty.
No, this guy’s crazy.
Hold on!
Oh, Derrick!
Pull up, Derrick!
You’re still there,
you’re still there!
Muscle up!
Let’s go, you’re still there.
Oh! And it’s over.
What a run!
Boss Toad strikes again.
Another Frogger down.
You hate to see it.
Just as we were
saying we’re impressed,
it all blew up.
I’ve seen that look on
other people’s faces before.
That’s that I’m above
35 years old.
Joe maintains his lead
of three froglets.
Now it’s our final
Frogger’s chance.
Robert Hill, one of the
most jacked human beings
we’ve ever seen.
We already know that
being super muscly
can hold you back
in this competition.
Can Robert Hill be the first
to break the jacked guy jinx?
He knows what he’s got to do,
four froglets will do it.
- Okay.
- Woo!
Wow!
One foot landing.
Now he’s going straight for...
Wow!
We’re shocked, nobody goes
straight to Toad Temple.
And he’s got it.
This is totally unprecedented.
Unconventional.
If he can get through
this, Wayans,
he is in the driver’s seat.
Clock’s ticking,
we’re on one minute.
And he is at the top
of Toad temple.
It’s nothing for him.
It’s always different
with Robert Hill,
who climbs this hill
and now welcome
to the temple tumble.
Keep those froglets in
the car at all times,
and look out.
Look out, look out!
The ball of doom.
[Kyle chuckles]
He is a beast.
Oh, no, did he lose
a froglet?
He lost a froglet.
It’s right in front of him,
he can still regain it
pick it back up and get it home,
but if he falls in,
it’s over.
Come here.
He got it.
Great, that’s composure.
He’s so big!
These jumps are so
easy for him.
It’s incredible.
Nice!
- Okay, toss, toss.
- Toss.
Now, those don’t count
until they’re in the basinet.
He’s about to toss
a third one, Damon.
Oh, my goodness.
Does he finish business?
I would finish business.
You have to.
Nice, nice.
All right, watch this.
Bing, bang.
And boom.
Love it.
Boss Toad is furious
right now.
Three froglets in.
He’s not certain of anything,
he doesn’t have
a clock down there
so he wants to go put
this thing to bed
with the fourth or
even fifth froglet.
Can’t leave without
the helicopter.
Oh!
Gosh.
That hurt my ribs.
Mm-hmm.
Now he’s past
the halfway mark,
on the five minute allotment.
High stakes Frogger here.
This is one of our
very oldest Froggers
in the entire competition.
One life, one run,
one chance.
What a player.
Absolutely.
I mean, this is just
beautiful to watch.
First class Frogger.
All right, now that is the
de facto winning froglet.
Right at home on the chopper,
go for a ride, my friend.
Damn!
This guy’s an action hero!
Wow.
- And this is for the win.
- This is four.
Robert Hill, that’s $10,000!
He takes it home.
Wow! What a competitor!
What a beast!
- What a Frogger.
- He’s not done!
Why not?
He’s got plenty of time.
There’s a fifth froglet out
there, he wants that thing.
Whoa, Joe Castagna knows
this thing is over.
Marines don’t leave
a man behind!
He collects G.I. Joe’s?
He is G.I. Joe.
So he’s collecting himself.
He’s collecting figures
of himself.
A little bit vain,
if you ask me, but...
Come on, Robert Hill.
Oh, he almost crushed
the froglet.
Oh my gosh.
Okay, now we have
a race against the clock.
A matter of seconds left.
Come on, give us
a jump shot.
Throw it, Robert Hill!
Get in.
It’s in the hole!
Oh it almost went in,
it hit the rim!
I can’t believe that.
Ah!
Yes!
Robert Hill take a bow.
When you go down and
give him the Golden Fanny Pack,
can you get me an autograph?
Yeah!
Absolutely.
And you know what, Wayans?
He broke the jacked guy jinx.
Snapped it.
Snapped it in half, baby.
Huge congratulations to
tonight’s top frog.
He’s got a ticket straight
to that ultimate
Frogger championship.
Woo!
You can look like
an action figure
and still win Frogger,
just ask Robert Hill.
Yeah!